[WIP] Initial about us restructure (#21)
uk-tre/website: docs/about/focus.md

Our funding proposal was written collaboratively by over 15 members of the community. Thank you to all those who were involved!

Below is a summary of what we have committed to delivering in the funding proposal.
Our current focus is on delivering the below, which is reflected in the structure, and ongoing work, of our [open community project board](https://github.com/orgs/uk-tre/projects/1/views/1).

You can download the full funding application here - {download}`DARE UK Community Groups Funding Application - UK TRE <../_static/dare_uk_funding.pdf>`

## Key deliverables

### 1 Strengthening the community

#### 1.1 Governance

We're creating a clear governance structure for the community.
This includes updating our governing document, establishing governance principles and processes, and creating a sustainability model for the community.

#### 1.2 Roadmap

We're developing a roadmap to lay out key activities for the UK TRE community to thrive.
This includes identifying key activities being undertaken, or ideally to be undertaken by the community, required resources and timeframes, and current statuses.

### 2 Enhancing outreach and engagement

#### 2.1 Landscape review

> We're working with members of the community to develop a clear picture of the current UK TRE landscape, and ensure diverse representation across the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're working with members of the community to develop a clear picture of the current UK TRE landscape, and ensure diverse representation beyond the community.
```
Not a blocker to merging if there's no quick answer: Does "the community" mean the UK TRE community, or the wider TRE community? Is the aim to have diverse representation of interests beyond the existing UK TRE members, or just within?

Author: Here it means within, so probs want to keep it as 'across'.

This includes current work, teams, organisations, funding opportunities, TRE definitions and implementations, impact industries and groups, and more.

#### 2.2 Public engagement

We're developing a public engagement activity pipeline.
This will build on work already being done in key public engagment groups like [use MY data](https://www.usemydata.org/) and [PEDRI](https://www.pedri.org.uk/).

#### 2.3 Event and collaboration spaces

We're enhancing our event provision and community workspaces.

> This will build off our [quarterly community events](../events/index.md), and may include regluar town halls, governance meetings and additional required communication channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will build off our [quarterly community events](../events/index.md), and may include regular town halls, governance meetings and additional communication channels.
```

### 3 Resource hub

#### 3.1 UK TRE website

We're developing the website to be easier to use, and contain key resources and events relevant to the UK TRE Community.

> This will become the central place to find out everything happened, and created and shared, across the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will become the central place to find out everything thats happening, and created and shared, across the community!
```

Author: Minor type, have fixed in my own suggestion!

> This will become the central place to find out everything happened, and created and shared, across the community!

Author: ```suggestion
This will become the central place to find out everything happening, and created and shared, across the community!
```
